[Console] Mark `AsCommand` attribute as `@final` (#60103)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-7.3.md

   ```

 * Deprecate methods `Command::getDefaultName()` and `Command::getDefaultDescription()` in favor of the `#[AsCommand]` attribute

>  * `#[AsCommand]` attribute is now marked as `@final`; you should use separate attributes to add more logic to commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Mark `#[AsCommand]` as `@final`; you should use separate attributes to add more logic to commands
```
